Add support to use temporary security credentials and Improve the test cases (#17)
wso2-ballerina/module-amazonec2: amazonec2/Module.md

2. Follow the online instructions - Part of the sign-up procedure involves receiving a phone call and entering a verification code using the phone keypad. AWS will notify you by email when your account is active and available for you to use.

You can follow one of the below explained ways to obtain AWS credentials.

### Obtaining user credentials

You can access the Amazon EC2 service using the root user credentials but these credentials allow full access to all resources in the account as you can't restrict permission for root user credentials. If you want to restrict certain resources and allow controlled access to AWS services then you can create IAM(Identity and Access Management) users in your AWS account. In that case :

1. Follow the steps below to get an AWS Access Key for your AWS root account:

    * Go to the AWS Management Console.
    * Hover over your company name in the right top menu and click "My Security Credentials".

>     * Scroll to the "Access Keys" section.

Author: Scroll down

    * Click on "Create New Access Key".
    * Copy both the Access Key ID (YOUR_AMAZON_EC2_KEY) and Secret Access Key (YOUR_AMAZON_EC2_SECRET).

2. Follow the steps below to get an AWS Access Key for an IAM user account:

    * Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the IAM console.
    * In the navigation pane, choose Users.
    * Add a check mark next to the name of the desired user, and then choose User Actions from the top.
    * Click on Manage Access Keys.
    * Click on Create Access Key.

>     * Click on Show User Security Credentials. Copy and paste the Access Key ID and Secret Access Key values, or click on Download Credentials to download the credentials in a CSV (file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Click **Show User Security Credentials**. Copy and paste the Access Key ID and Secret Access Key values or click **Download Credentials** to download the credentials as a CSV (file).
```
Shall we make this another step - "Copy and paste the Access Key ID and Secret Access Key values, or click on Download Credentials to download the credentials in a CSV (file)."?

> 3. Obtain the following parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Obtain the following parameters:
```

>     * Access key ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Access key ID
```

>     * Secret access key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Secret access key
```

>     * Desired Server region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Desired server region
```

### Obtaining temporary security credentials using IAM roles

> Temporary credentials are primarily used with IAM roles. You can request temporary credentials that have a more restricted set of permissions than your standard IAM user. A benefit of temporary credentials is that they expire automatically after a set period of time. You have control over the duration that the credentials are valid. Temporary security credentials work almost identically to the long-term access key credentials that your IAM users can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporary credentials are primarily used with IAM roles. You can request temporary credentials that have a more restricted set of permissions than your standard IAM user. A benefit of temporary credentials is that they expire automatically after a set period of time. You have control over the duration that the credentials are valid. Temporary security credentials work similarly to the longterm access key credentials that your IAM users can use.
```

> An application on the instance retrieves the security credentials provided by the role from the instance metadata item iam/security-credentials/role-name. The application is granted the permissions for the actions and resources that you've defined for the role through the security credentials associated with the role. These security credentials are temporary and we rotate them automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application on the instance retrieves the security credentials provided by the role from the instance metadata item` iam/security-credentials/role-name`. The application is granted the permissions for the actions and resources that you have defined for the role through the security credentials associated with the role. These security credentials are temporary and we rotate them automatically.
```

> 1. Follow this doc <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EC2_GetStarted.html>, to launch an EC2 Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch an EC2 Instance. For instructions, go to the [EC2 documentation] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EC2_GetStarted.html).
```

> 2. Get the SSH key (.pem file) is provided by Amazon when you launch the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Get the SSH key (.pem file) that is provided by Amazon when you launch the instance.
```

> 3. Follow this doc to connect to your instance using an SSH client <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AccessingInstancesLinux.html#AccessingInstancesLinuxSSHClient>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Connect your instance using an SSH client. For instructions go to, [AWS Documentation] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AccessingInstancesLinux.html#AccessingInstancesLinuxSSHClient).
```

> 4. Retrieve Security Credentials from your Instance Metadata. The following command retrieves the security credentials for an IAM role named ec2access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Retrieve the security Credentials from your Instance metadata. For example, the following command retrieves the security credentials for an IAM role named "ec2access".
```

    ```

>     curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/iam/security-credentials/ec2access

Reviewer 2: What’s this IP address? Is it the IP of the instance? If so, shall we not put the actual IP of an instance

Author: AWS exposes an Instance Metadata endpoint on every EC2 Instance at http://169.254.169.254. If we SSH to an EC2 Instance, we can use any HTTP client, such as curl, to get information about that Instance from its Instance Metadata endpoint. It is same for all.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html

Reviewer 2: If I understood correctly, each instance provides an endpoint for retrieving IAM roles attached to that particular instance (`/iam/security-credentials/<role_name>`). This IP address would be the IP address of a particular EC2 instance. It's a bit misleading if you say you can retrieve info using the following command and it contains a fixed IP address. 

Also, shall we refrain from copying stuff from AWS docs verbatim?

Author: No, this is not the IP address of a particular EC2 instance. 
1. I have used this command to ssh to my EC2 instance. Here, ec2-54-208-89-179.compute-1.amazonaws.com will be the public_dns_name of the created EC2 instance.
```ssh -i biruntha.pem ec2-user@ec2-54-208-89-179.compute-1.amazonaws.com```

2. After logged into the EC2 instance, if I run the following command from inside the EC2 instance:
```curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/iam/security-credentials/```
it will give the name of the role associated with the EC2 instance.

3. Now you can reference that role name in the following command:
```curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/iam/security-credentials/role_name```

4. This will give the temporary security credentials

Sample output
```
biruntha@biruntha:~/Desktop/AmazonEC2$ ssh -i biruntha.pem ec2-user@ec2-3-94-116-5.compute-1.amazonaws.com
Last login: Mon May 13 05:22:55 2019 from 203.94.95.4

       __|  __|_  )
       _|  (     /   Amazon Linux AMI
      ___|\___|___|

https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-linux-ami/2018.03-release-notes/
15 package(s) needed for security, out of 22 available
Run "sudo yum update" to apply all updates.
[ec2-user@ip-172-31-12-162 ~]$
[ec2-user@ip-172-31-12-162 ~]$ 
[ec2-user@ip-172-31-12-162 ~]$ curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/iam/security-credentials/
ec2RoleBiruntha2
[ec2-user@ip-172-31-12-162 ~]$ 
[ec2-user@ip-172-31-12-162 ~]$ 
[ec2-user@ip-172-31-12-162 ~]$ 
[ec2-user@ip-172-31-12-162 ~]$ curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/iam/security-credentials/ec2RoleBiruntha2
{
  "Code" : "Success",
  "LastUpdated" : "2019-05-14T03:51:34Z",
  "Type" : "AWS-HMAC",
  "AccessKeyId" : "ASIASCC###Q7VGE",
  "SecretAccessKey" : "iQ+948JLvGslMsnabg####dx/RWg808QWTF",
  "Token" : "AgoJb3JpZ2luX2VjENT//////////#############6VF+pAnk/ltYIyB17OQlGOBKaEEJaSJR/EAYfbNXKkBp6vOLnJ6OZNc8FMCOCnvXoAAWOhNFHZzKHapooejTiJuCHRen1uRm800KALO13+99zzmTQ/YAChlhac8eGboYwXJSVnr+bERqeI63LGFjfhFxpkt2jPxONpN6Ua1dxrKBS8UAMTgYDOYebOOiYX9/1g7dhYu2G4dE/k569LXsqkj5KVF4os2hOYcW6jf9XxZZ0Y2YMWB0adYQMi98MqwBE15XTxzkJJgJTvcta3oS/ySe7dDSb8MddNPGh###########C6OiTThHgzwqlSFx7XAKcQ5wOalspbkms9admJgYZO2DAzSQ/mI2RiCapisPdHsjiBW/ihvV5xyTOqOBfqPXPqy/TD6UfNCqiERAO96IVn473XfZDdYuQgtlYRTJhD7vFKTZYic8Kg/36S5Ow0H4GYDbDf3YMtsZBUExKHMY60wVba+M=",
  "Expiration" : "2019-05-14T10:27:31Z"
}
[ec2-user@ip-172-31-12-162 ~]$ 
```

Reviewer 2: ah ok.. then no problem

    ```

   The following is example output.
    ```
    {
      "Code" : "Success",
      "LastUpdated" : "2012-04-26T16:39:16Z",
      "Type" : "AWS-HMAC",
      "AccessKeyId" : "<ACCESSKEY_ID>",
      "SecretAccessKey" : "<SECRETACCESSKEY>",
      "Token" : "<TOKEN>",
      "Expiration" : "2017-05-17T15:09:54Z"
    }
    ```

> 5. Obtain the following parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Obtain the following parameters:
```

>     * Access key ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Access key ID
```

>     * Secret access key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Secret access key
```

>     * Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Access token
```

>     * Desired Server region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Desired server region.
```

```ballerina
import wso2/amazonec2;
```
The Amazon EC2 connector can be instantiated using the accessKeyId, secretAccessKey, securityToken, and region

> in the Amazon EC2 client config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the Amazon EC2 client config.
```

**Obtaining AWS credentials to Run the Sample**

## Signing Up for AWS

1. Navigate to [Amazon] (#https://aws.amazon.com/), and then click **Create an AWS Account**.

>    **Note:** If you previously signed in to the AWS Management Console using the root user credentials of the AWS account, click **Sign in** to use a different account. If you previously signed in to the console using the IAM credentials, sign-in using the credentials of the root account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note:** If you previously signed in to the AWS Management Console using the root user credentials of the AWS account, click **Sign in** to use a different account. If you previously signed in to the console using the IAM credentials, sign in using the credentials of the root account.
```

2. Then, click **Create a new AWS account** and follow the given instructions.

Follow either of the methods explained below to obtain AWS credentials.

### Obtaining user credentials

> You can access the Amazon EC2 service using the root user credentials. However, these credentials allow full access to all resources in the account as you cannot restrict permission for root user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the Amazon EC2 service using the root user credentials. However, these credentials allow full access to all the resources in the account as you cannot restrict permission for root user credentials.
```

> You can access the Amazon EC2 service using the root user credentials. However, these credentials allow full access to all the resources in the account as you cannot restrict permission for root user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the Amazon EC2 service using the root user credentials. However, these credentials allow full access to all the resources in the account as you cannot restrict permissions of root user credentials.
```

If you want to restrict certain resources and allow controlled access to AWS services, then you can create IAM (Identity and Access Management) users in your AWS account. Follow the steps below to do this.

###### Follow the steps below to get an AWS Access Key for your AWS root account:

1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.

> 2. Hover over your company name in the right top menu and click "My Security Credentials".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Hover over your company name in the right top menu and click **My Security Credentials**.
```

> 2. Hover over your company name in the right top menu and click **My Security Credentials**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Hover over your company name in the right top menu, and click **My Security Credentials**.
```

> 3. Scroll down to the "Access Keys" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Scroll down to the **Access Keys** section.
```

> 4. Click "Create New Access Key".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Create New Access Key**.
```

4. Click **Create New Access Key**.
5. Copy both the Access Key ID (YOUR_AMAZON_EC2_KEY) and Secret Access Key (YOUR_AMAZON_EC2_SECRET).

###### Follow the steps below to get an AWS Access Key for an IAM user account:

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the IAM Console.
2. In the navigation pane, click **Users**.

> 3. Select the name of the desired user, and then click **User Actions** from the top menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the name of the desired user, and then click **User Actions** in the top menu.
```

5. Click **Create Access Key**.
6. Click **Show User Security Credentials**.
7. Copy and paste the Access Key ID and Secret Access Key values or click **Download Credentials** to download the credentials as a CSV (file).

> **Obtain the following parameters:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Obtain the following parameters:**
```
Shall we make this step 8 of the above list?

* Access key ID
* Secret access key
* Desired server region

### Obtaining temporary security credentials using IAM roles

> Temporary credentials are primarily used with IAM roles. You can request temporary credentials that have a more restricted set of permissions than your standard IAM user. A benefit of temporary credentials is that they expire automatically after a set period of time. You have control over the duration that the credentials are valid. Temporary security credentials work similarly to the long term access key credentials that your IAM users can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporary credentials are primarily used with IAM roles. You can request temporary credentials that have a more restricted set of permissions than your standard IAM user. A benefit of temporary credentials is that they expire automatically after a set period of time. 

You have control over the duration that the credentials are valid. Temporary security credentials work similarly to the long term access key credentials that your IAM users can use.
```
Let's break the paragraph as it seems a bit too lengthy.

> An application on the instance retrieves the security credentials provided by the role from the instance metadata item` iam/security-credentials/role-name`. The application is granted the permissions for the actions and resources that you have defined for the role through the security credentials associated with the role. These security credentials are temporary and we rotate them automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application on the instance retrieves the security credentials provided by the role from the instance metadata item` iam/security-credentials/role-name`. The application is granted the permissions for the actions and resources that you have defined for the role through the security credentials associated with the role. These security credentials are temporary and are rotated automatically.
```

> An application on the instance retrieves the security credentials provided by the role from the instance metadata item` iam/security-credentials/role-name`. The application is granted the permissions for the actions and resources that you have defined for the role through the security credentials associated with the role. These security credentials are temporary and are rotated automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application on the instance retrieves the security credentials provided by the instance metadata item` iam/security-credentials/role-name` of the role. 

The application is granted the permissions for the actions and resources that you have defined for the role through the security credentials associated with the role. These security credentials are temporary and are rotated automatically.
```

1. Launch an EC2 Instance. For instructions, go to the [EC2 documentation] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EC2_GetStarted.html).
2. Get the SSH key (.pem file) that is provided by Amazon when you launch the instance.

> 3. Connect your instance using an SSH client. For instructions go to, [AWS Documentation] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AccessingInstancesLinux.html#AccessingInstancesLinuxSSHClient).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Connect your instance using an SSH client. For instructions, go to [AWS Documentation] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AccessingInstancesLinux.html#AccessingInstancesLinuxSSHClient).
```

> 4. Retrieve the security Credentials from your Instance metadata. For example, the following command retrieves the security credentials for an IAM role named "ec2access".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Retrieve the security credentials from the metadata of your instance. For example, the following command retrieves the security credentials for an IAM role named "ec2access".
```

    ```
    curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/iam/security-credentials/ec2access
    ```

>    The following is example output.

Reviewer 3: Did we get this output from somewhere?

Author: https://github.com/wso2-ballerina/module-amazonec2/pull/17#discussion_r283621416

When we run this curl from EC2 instance, we'll get the credentials as this.
